Polling samples (#27)
temporalio/samples-dotnet: src/Polling/Frequent/README.md

# Frequently Polling Activity

This sample shows how we can implement frequent polling (1 second or faster) inside our Activity. The implementation is a loop that polls our service and then sleeps for the poll interval (1 second in the sample).

> To ensure that polling Activity is restarted in a timely manner, we make sure that it heartbeats on every iteration. Note that heartbeating only works if we set the `heartbeat_timeout` to a shorter value than the Activity `start_to_close_timeout` timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that polling Activity is restarted in a timely manner, we make sure that it heartbeats on every iteration. Note that heartbeating only works if we set the `HeartbeatTimeout` to a shorter value than the Activity `StartToCloseTimeout` timeout.
```
